Oh folks rained about half an hour ago
as you can see background radiation is
no evaded now before Fukushima the
normal reading with 0.04 anyway let's go
to the drain and see what happens today
Oh No people highest I've ever seen it
and that's his jet stream water today
and again this is my water spout
like I always check Wow
so there you have it now we're going to
let just calm down for a minute
there you go Sally's another drain over
here i want to check okay we can't get
to that one so oh yeah folks that's high
what it is dropping
let's see how far it's going to drop
it's now dropping
so you have it background radiation is
like 19 20 though i'll come back to this
one and you have it
so very dangerous levels very dangerous
levels and you can see it and again
that's just off of a drainpipe stay out
of the rain people